oh you're an art major that sounds like
so much fun you should probably think
about getting an education degree or
going into graphic design what are you
gonna do with it how are you gonna make
money can you get a job that's a good
major for women do you want fries with
that all right so I wanted to create a
video for those of you who are
interested in going to school for art
studying with a more creative fields or
are already an art student in college so
I want to tell you a little bit about my
degree is my background some of the
questions that people ask me and then
also how I responded and what I'm
currently doing with those degrees so i
graduated in May with a degree in art a
minor in graphic design and a second
degree in humanities and Fine Arts with
areas of emphasis in African American
Studies religious studies and philosophy
so ended up with two majors and a minor
as you can imagine a lot of people asked
what do you want to do with that why
don't you go to education you need an
education degree so you can teach me the
job is going into graphic design so all
these demons are ridiculous of course
they're not true they're so there was a
lot of love and sincerity behind them i
think most of the time but all I'm doing
now is actually using my degrees all of
them I am currently making art and you
actually see one of my pieces behind me
kind of kind of Awesome I paintings so
I'm making art and doing shows I'm also
teaching art to people with disabilities
I love my job I'm teaching it's great i
use my humanities decrease I'm also
teaching yoga as well as our history and
literature and a couple others random
fun I'm teaching a blogging class so i
get to vlog a lot it's fun so there's
that when i'm also doing private art
lessons with a couple kids after school
I've done that in the past I think
there's you don't need an art degree to
teach and you don't need a graphic
design degree to do graphics I think
that these days anyone why's everyone
considers themselves a graphic designer
I don't know if that's good but you
don't necessarily need the degree
I'm thankful for mine I learned so much
i love it i love the freelance projects
i'm currently working on I think it's
great but you don't need it and so there
are tons of other jobs I've actually
written a couple blog posts i will link
to and maybe make more videos on some of
the other art jobs that are out there
but i really want to encourage you guys
that there are things you can do with an
art degree with a dance degree with a
music degree you just if you're a
creative person you will find them and
you will make them happen and make
things work so thanks for watching I
hope this is encouraging I hope that
I've helped someone else who's been
really frustrated people asking when
ridiculous questions I hope I hope the
best for you so thanks for watching I'll
be sure to subscribe and rate
you